## FootnotesExtraPlugin

This plugin processes footnotes generated by the Markdown parser and
transform them into endnotes (i.e. at the end of the book).

### Availability

This plugin is available for all editions.

### Usage

~~~.yaml
# <book-dir>/config.yml 
book:
    ....
    editions:
        <edition-name>
            plugins:
                enabled: [ FootnotesExtra ]               
~~~ 

### Description

The Markdown parser converts footnotes into hyperlinks, where the link target 
is the note text at the bottom of the document.

While this behavior[^note1] is adequate for printed books, ebooks are a different 
mattter. The "footnotes at the end of the chapter" approach does not work
well for electronic reading devices or applications because the notes stand 
in the way of the normal reading flow.

This plugin collects all footnotes markup generated by the Markdown parser
(at the end of each book element) and then generates a consolidated
footnotes list element with all the book's footnotes.

N> ##### Tip
N> You can see an example of footnotes in this section (look at the source text).

{% if app.edition('format') not in ['epub', 'mobi'] %}
N> ##### TODO
N> Create an adequate implementation for editions different from `epub` and `mobi` (like this one).
{% endif %}
### Output

The plugin will generate a report[^note2] in the output directory called `report-FootnotesPlugin.txt`
with a summary of terms processed and problems found.

[^note1]: This is a footnote just for showing an example.

[^note2]: Another footnote, also with dummy text just to have something to work with .
